[Music]
if undisturbed wildebeest can drink
eight liters in a single session as his
confidence billings he is oblivious to
what lurks beneath the surface
[Applause]
[Music]
the herd is bewildered some have never
seen a crocodile before even as the full
horror unfurls there is great confusion
about just what is going on and that was
just the first attack
300 hungry Kaka dolls
live in the Grumeti River
wildebeest react differently to Kaka
dogs and other predators even the adults
seem unsure it's just how much danger
they're in
the caste desire to quench his thirst
overcomes any fear he may have
the pocket aisles maneuver around them
with surprising ease they are
intelligent hunters plotting their
attack with precision
a strike can happen at any time
[Applause]
despite the carnage the mother and calf
survived they Stampede back onto the
plains for the baboon's it's more like a
spectator sport they might as well
settle down a single croc can take some
time to overpower its victim but
crocodiles are cooperate with peoples
they work together
the death roll breaks the prey into
bite-sized chunks but aggression can
spill over
you